Non-Commercial Research and Teaching License (the "License")

1) Grant of Copyright License. Universiteit Leiden (the “Licensor”) grants You, 
as defined in section 13), a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, 
sublicensable license, for the duration of the copyright, to do the following:

a) to use CitNetExplorer (the “Work”) for non-commercial research and teaching;

b) to reproduce the Work in copies, either alone or as part of a collective 
work;

c) to distribute or communicate copies of the Work to the public, under any 
license of your choice that does not contradict the terms and conditions, 
including Licensor's reserved rights and remedies, in this License; and

d) to display the Work publicly.

2) Exclusions From License Grant. Neither the names of Licensor, nor the names 
of any contributors to the Work, nor any of their trademarks or service marks, 
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this Work without 
express prior permission of the Licensor. Except as expressly stated herein, 
nothing in this License grants any license to Licensor's trademarks, 
copyrights, patents, trade secrets or any other intellectual property. No 
patent license is granted to make, use, sell, offer for sale, or have made. No 
license is granted to the trademarks of Licensor even if such marks are 
included in the Work. Nothing in this License shall be interpreted to prohibit 
Licensor from licensing under terms different from this License any Work that 
Licensor otherwise would have a right to license.

3) External Deployment. The term "External Deployment" means the use, 
distribution, or communication of the Work or Derivative Works in any way such 
that the Work or Derivative Works may be used by anyone other than You, whether 
those works are distributed or communicated to those persons or made available 
as an application intended for use over a network. As an express condition for 
the grants of license hereunder, You must treat any External Deployment by You 
of the Work or a Derivative Work as a distribution under section 1(c).

4) Attribution Rights. You must retain all copyright, patent, or trademark 
notices from the Work, as well as any notices of licensing and any descriptive 
text identified therein as an "Attribution Notice."

5) Warranty of Provenance and Disclaimer of Warranty. Licensor warrants that 
the copyright in and to the Work granted herein by Licensor are owned by the 
Licensor or are sublicensed to You under the terms of this License with the 
permission of the contributor(s) of those copyrights and patent rights. Except 
as expressly stated in the immediately preceding sentence, the Work is provided 
under this License on an "AS IS" BASIS and WITHOUT WARRANTY, either express or 
implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of non-infringement, 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE 
QUALITY OF THE WORK IS WITH YOU. This DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY constitutes an 
essential part of this License. No license to the Work is granted by this 
License except under this disclaimer.

6) Additional rights. You are solely responsible to acquire any necessary right 
required to access data used by the Work. Rights granted by Licensor do not 
include rights to use data or information used by the Work.

7) Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, 
whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall the 
Licensor be liable to anyone for any indirect, special, incidental, or 
consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or 
the use of the Work including, without limitation, damages for loss of 
goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other 
commercial damages or losses. This limitation of liability shall not apply to 
the extent applicable law prohibits such limitation. This section shall survive 
the termination of this License.

8) Acceptance and Termination. If, at any time, You expressly assented to this 
License, that assent indicates your clear and irrevocable acceptance of this 
License and all of its terms and conditions. If You distribute or communicate 
copies of the Work, You must make a reasonable effort under the circumstances 
to obtain the express assent of recipients to the terms of this License. This 
License conditions your rights to undertake the activities listed in section 1, 
and doing so without honouring these terms and conditions is prohibited by 
copyright law and international treaty. Nothing in this License is intended to 
affect copyright exceptions and limitations (including "fair use" or "fair 
dealing"). This License shall terminate immediately and You may no longer 
exercise any of the rights granted to You by this License upon your failure to 
honour the conditions in section 1.

9) Termination for Patent Action. This License shall terminate automatically 
and You may no longer exercise any of the rights granted to You by this License 
as of the date You commence an action, including a cross-claim or counterclaim, 
against Licensor or any licensee alleging that the Work infringes a patent. 
This termination provision shall not apply for an action alleging patent 
infringement by combinations of the Work with other software or hardware.

10) Jurisdiction, Venue and Governing Law. Any action or suit relating to this 
License may be brought only in the courts of a jurisdiction wherein the 
Licensor resides or in which Licensor conducts its primary business, and under 
the laws of that jurisdiction excluding its conflict-of-law provisions. The 
application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International 
Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any use of the Work outside the scope of 
this License or after its termination shall be subject to the requirements and 
penalties of copyright or patent law in the appropriate jurisdiction. This 
section shall survive the termination of this License.

11) Attorneys' Fees. In any action to enforce the terms of this License or 
seeking damages relating thereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover its costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with such action, including 
any appeal of such action. This section shall survive the termination of this 
License.

12) Miscellaneous. If any provision of this License is held to be 
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to 
make it enforceable.

13) Definition of "You" in This License. "You" throughout this License, whether 
in upper or lower case, means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights 
under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License. For legal 
entities, "You" includes any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is 
under common control with you. For purposes of this definition, "control" means 
(i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such 
entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent 
(50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such 
entity.