# WARP3

The repository contains resources for my (intended) presentation at the [WARP3](http://warp3.unical.it/wp/), the 3rd International Workshop on Arc Routing Problems – Pizzo (Calabria, Italy) May 27-29, 2019.

Models developed for the presentation are available under [/models](https://github.com/ejwillemse/WARP3/models), data used under [/data](https://github.com/ejwillemse/WARP3/data), and resulting documents and presentations under [/docs](/docs).

## Presentation abstract

The Capacitated Arc Routing Problem (CARP) has been used to model a wide range of real-world problems. It has seen many extensions to reflect constraints and scenarios faced in practice. A few examples in waste collection include the Mixed CARP~(MCARP) models mixed road-networks consisting of one-way and two-way streets; the General Routing Problem~(GRP) that allows for both single-point and street servicing; and the CARP with Intermediate Facilities that models the case where vehicles are allowed to offload their waste and resume their collection rounds. These variants have improved the practical worth of CARP research, but, it has resulted disconnected pockets of research. Studies on variants that are conceptual very close, such as the MCARP and Mixed-GRP, have little overlap in terms of the solutions techniques used to solve them and the benchmark problem-sets used to test the effacicy of the techniques. In this presentation, we use network analysis to formally analyse the connections between published research on the CARP and its variants. Four perspectives are used to analyse the network of CARP research, namely, the links between studies in terms of: ; generalisble problem variants--meaning one variant can be reduced to another; direct citations; shared benchmark sets; and shared solution techniques. The network perspectives are analysed to identify pockets of research that are directly connected in terms of variants, but only indirectly from the other perspective. The goal of the analysis is twofold. First, it can be useed to identify opportunities to improve the transfer and  of existing research between variants. Second, a new variant can be placed in the network to identify closely related studies whose solution techniques could potentially be extended and applied. 
